(gasps) Your nose is bleeding!
What happened?
Did you bump into something?
I'm not sure.
[Gwenael] You can't
remember, can you?
You're not supposed to.
Nice to meet you.
Let me introduce myself.
Stern Ritter "V,"
"Vanishing Point."
Gwenael Lee.
You can't remember because
you're not even aware that I-
(gasps) Whoa, that's weird.
I could have sworn
my fist hit him.
-(Yachiru gasping)
-(blood splattering)
(Isane gasping)
-[Gwenael] Yes, that's right.
-Lieutenant Kusajishi!
My powers are made
up of three versions.
(punch thudding)
Version one, I
can erase my form.
Version two, I can
erase my existence.
Whoopsie, her reaction
time is getting faster.
In that case, I'll
use version three
and erase my existence
from your memory!
Wasn't someone just here?
(Isane stammering)
(Gwenael chuckling)
("STARS" by w.o.d.)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d.)
-(singing in Japanese)
All right, let's try this again.
Nice to meet you.
(fist whooshing)
-Wait, what?
-Huh?
[Gwenael] What is
it with this one?
That attack came
from sheer instinct!
Stop that! What do you
think you're doing?
We don't even know if
that's a friend or foe!
Oh, I'm pretty sure
he's a bad guy.
I felt a tingle the
moment I first saw him.
I knew it!
She punched me on pure instinct!
She's an animal!
I was told to always trust them.
To trust the tingles, I mean.
Tingles that make you
feel really scared,
or excited, or super happy.
Blah blah, blah,
that kind of thing.
Kenny says that whenever
he gets a tingle like that
from somebody, he can't
resist slaying them!
But since Kenny's not
here right now, (giggles)
he won't mind if I kill
this guy myself, will he?
Die!
-(Yachiru gasping)
-(sword slicing)
-(blood splattering)
-What the-
No way, I definitely
dodged that sword!
It couldn't have even come
close, it's impossible!
You're right!
You did dodge it, but my
sword found its target anyway.
What?
How is that?
You see, my sword
is a copycat sword.
There are copycats on
both the front side
and the rear side of the blade.
So the more you try to gauge
the distance and timing,
the more you're likely to
misjudge it and get hit!
Show him!
Come on out!
Sanpo Kenju!
What?
What the hell are they?
-(sword slicing)
-(Isane gasping)
Ready?
And...
-Hey, hey, hey!
-(hands clapping)
That's her Shikai?
But her sword
hasn't changed form.
Even though the
Zanpakuto's true form
is only supposed to materialize
through Bankai training.
I didn't know such
a Shikai existed!
-(Gwenael coughing)
-(blood splattering)
[Yachiru] Huh?
That's weird.
Hey, what happened?
That should've
sliced you in half!
You fool!
Did you really think I
wouldn't be able to dodge it
after you revealed how it works?
(Gwenael gasping)
(Isane gasping)
(Gwenael groaning)
This can't be happening!
[Gremmy] Oh, but it is.
How'd you get
inside the barrier?
You wouldn't!
What did I do wrong?
I fought well, didn't I?
Yes, you did fight well.
That is, for a product
of my imagination.
No, wait, wait!
These two haven't got a chance
against my powers, I promise!
Yes, your powers are amazing.
After all, you're able
to completely erase
your whole existence from
sight, mind, and memory.
And that's why,
in just a moment,
you will completely
disappear from my memory.
(Gwenael growling)
Gremmy!
I'm sorry.
I just can't imagine
any future for you.
-(Gwenael exploding)
-(blood splattering)
I don't know who
or what you are,
but get away from that bed!
You're worried about these
captains, aren't you?
Get away!
Well, don't be.
I already killed them.
No!
(sword whooshing)
-(Yachiru gasping)
-(arm crunching)
(Yachiru gasping)
My arm!
What'd you do?
Imagine this.
What if the bones in your
arm were made of cookies?
Now I bet you're thinking
they'd be crushed to bits.
And now you're thinking,
"If the bones in my arm
are made of cookies,
maybe the rest of my bones
are made of cookies, too."
(arm crunching)
In this world, the
greatest power of all
is the power of imagination.
And everything I
imagine becomes reality.
(Yachiru breathing shakily)
(debris crashing)
[Kenpachi] What the hell?
I felt Yachiru's Spiritual
Pressure getting wobbly,
so I came to see
what the trouble was.
Don't tell me it's all
because of this little squirt.
Kenny!
(cloth fluttering)
Captain Zaraki!
Then, so, uh...
Captain Unohana.
Is she...
She's dead.
I...
-I see.
-(body thudding)
I'm the one who killed her.
And if you hate me for
that, I wouldn't blame you.
Not at all.
If she had to die,
I'm glad it was you.
So that means it's you
who succeeds to Captain
Unohana's title.
Yeah, that's right.
(Gremmy humming curiously)
So this is Kenpachi Zaraki, huh?
You seem strong.
You're just as I imagined.
-(ground rumbling)
-(Kenpachi and Isane gasping)
No!
(ground rumbling)
[Gremmy] There.
I've set the stage for you.
After all, you are the
great Kenpachi Zaraki.
You deserve to play your
part on a grand stage.
What is all this,
some kind of spell or something?
It's neither a spell
nor an illusion.
Oh, it's real.
I am Gremmy, "The Visionary"
who turns fantasy into reality.
You know, you're
actually very lucky
that you get to face me.
Because I think you'll find
that of all the Stern Ritters,
I am the strongest.
Is that right?
(sword clanging)
Allow me to say it again.
I can transform
fantasy into reality.
You see what I did just now?
By simply imagining that my
body was stronger than steel,
I made it so, and
therefore impervious-
(sword slicing)
(blood splattering)
Come on.
If you'd said you were
gonna make yourself
stronger than steel, then
it wouldn't have taken me
two blows of my sword
to bring you down.
Hey, what's with that look?
Did you really think
I couldn't cut you?
Listen, little man.
That puny imagination of yours
can't dream up anything
I can't cut down.
You know why?
Because I'm Kenpachi.
(dramatic music)
[Soul Reaper] What
is that thing?
What is going on up there?
(ground rumbling)
That huge Spiritual Pressure!
[Soul Reaper] It's
Captain Zaraki!
(Soul Reapers cheering)
Look at that.
Now we've gone
and drawn a crowd.
Let them cheer.
Now that you're here, they
think they can win the war.
And they're certainly
free to imagine that.
So you're able to heal
your own wounds, huh?
Oh, am I?
You're right.
It seems I am.
All I had to do was imagine
that my wound was healed,
and the next thing
you know, it was.
(Kenpachi gasping)
My power probably seems like
a bad joke to you, doesn't it?
People like you never
fully appreciate it
until they've been
defeated by it.
Come on, then.
Have at me, Kenpachi Zaraki.
I won't say I'll beat
you with just one finger
or anything corny like that.
I won't even need one finger.
I'm going to kill you
using nothing more
than what's inside my head.
(lava roaring)
You've got mad powers,
I'll give you that.
but I got no problem dealing
with that kind of crazy!
(lava bubbling)
Yachiru, what are you doing?
Take cover!
Oh, don't be so hard on her.
Right now, because of my power,
every bone in her body
is made of cookies.
Wait, what the hell
is a cookie, huh?
You've never had a cookie?
Wow, I guess I should've
said rakugan or something.
Oh, rakugan.
Why the hell didn't you say
that in the first place?
You sure do talk in
circles, your little squirt!
-(water bubbling)
-(Kenpachi gasping)
Pretty absurd, isn't it?
You thought you were
jumping through the air
when you were
actually underwater.
(Kenpachi gasping)
(dramatic music)
(water thudding)
Now die a slow death,
surrounded by water
and crushed by the
pressure of the earth.
No matter how much
of a beast you are,
that should take
about an hour at most.
-(ground crumbling)
-(Kenpachi grunting)
-(Kenpachi roaring)
-(sword clanging)
Looks like Yachiru's bones
are back to normal again.
You can't mess with
two minds at once.
While you were busy with mine,
you lost your grip on hers.
-(sword clanging)
-(debris crashing)
[Nakk Le Vaar]
Sheesh, what a mess.
Everyone always mocks people
for living in fantasies
instead of the real world.
But when you see
what this guy can do
with just his imagination,
makes you realize the
world's a lot better off
when they stay in fantasy land.
I'm sensing Kotetsu's nearby.
Go down and get that
arm looked at, yeah?
Right!
Well, what are you waiting for?
You wanna fight, don't you?
Fight?
Where's all that
cocky talk of yours?
I thought you said you
were the strongest Quincy!
The only way to prove
you're the strongest
is by crushing the strongest!
So come on!
Let's get the real
battle started!
That means no more distractions.
Instead of picking
on little girls,
try fighting the enemy
right in front of you!
(Gremmy gasping)
-What was that?
-(ground crashing)
What was it he just said?
"The only way to prove
you're the strongest
is by crushing the strongest."
I'd never even thought
of something like that.
Nobody has ever tried
to lay a finger on me.
Because it's so obvious.
It's obvious that
I'm the strongest.
That's why there's no
need for me to prove it
by killing someone.
And also why I've never felt
the desire to crush anyone.
So then, why?
Why?
Why is it that I wanna
crush this man so badly?
(guns cocking)
-(guns firing)
-(Kenpachi grunting)
(missiles whooshing)
(missiles exploding)
-(missile whooshing)
-(sword clanging)
(missile exploding)
[Kenpachi] Thought you
weren't gonna do that.
Use your hands.
-(Gremmy chuckling)
-That's a good look.
I guess this thing is finally
gonna get to have some fun.
[Gremmy] A good look?
I don't know how I look
right now, but it's strange.
Why?
Why do I feel so...
So...
So good right now?
-(Kenpachi grunting)
-(sword clanging)
-(debris crashing)
-(blood splattering)
You're repeating yourself.
I told you, I can
cut through steel!
(grunts) It's stuck!
-(Kenpachi gasping)
-(debris crashing)
You're repeating yourself.
And it didn't work
any better this time.
-(sword slicing)
-(blood splattering)
Crap!
(debris crashing)
You're too slow!
I realized too late
that I'd been cut!
That momentary lapse has left
me open to his next blow!
-(Kenpachi roaring)
-(sword slicing)
No way!
Why can't I stop his sword?
Am I really going
to lose to this?
No, impossible!
It can't be!
This can't be happening!
[Kenpachi] What's the matter?
(Gremmy panting)
Did you just imagine yourself
losing this fight to me?
He's right!
(blood crackling)
Thank you.
What the hell for?
What you said made me
realize that all I had to do
was wipe away any thoughts
of defeat and death.
Now I can no longer die.
Do you regret saying it?
I never regret anything!
(Kenpachi gasping)
Let me repay you by showing
you my greatest power.
A doppelganger?
Much more than that.
I can even create living
beings with my imagination.
(sword clanging)
Neither of me can be wounded.
Neither of me can be killed.
And what's more...
[Both] The power of
my imagination
is multiplied by two.
(meteor rumbling)
What the hell is that thing?
[Gremmy] A meteor.
One that will obliterate you
and the Seireitei itself.
Only I will survive
amidst the rubble.
A meteor!
Well, I've never tried
cutting one of those before.
You see that, Nozarashi?
This is exciting, ain't it?
(meteor crashing)
[Soul Reaper] We're doomed!
[Soul Reaper]
There's no escaping it!
Is this the end!
We're all gonna die!
[Gremmy] Let's say,
speaking hypothetically,
that what I had imagined
there for a moment came true.
Let's just suppose you did
manage to kill me somehow.
It would do you no good.
The meteor is a reality,
it's not going away.
Its impact will
obliterate you all.
I'll be the only one left
standing, just as I imagined it.
Nothing you can do.
So face it, you've lost!
Kenpachi Zaraki.
[Kenpachi] Nothing
I can do, huh?
Oh, come on.
Where's your imagination?
-(sword clanging)
-(ground crumbling)
(Gremmy gasping)
Drink, Nozarashi!
(intense music)
[Kenpachi] Where did
you come from, kid?
Hey, what's your name?
Don't have one?
Neither do I.
(meteor rumbling)
(sword slicing)
(meteor exploding)
(meteorites crashing)
(Gremmy gasping)
(intense music)
Damn you to hell!
Aw, calm down.
It's simple, really.
There's nothing my
sword can't cut through.
Yes, you're right.
That is simple!
You can multiply
yourself to infinity.
It's not gonna
change a damn thing!
That's where you're wrong!
If there's nothing
you can't cut,
then I'll kill you with...
[All] Something without form!
[Gremmy] You will die In the
nothingness of outer space!
-In the vacuum of space,
-(Kenpachi screaming)
your body fluids
start to evaporate.
Your blood begins to boil.
As all the tissues in
your body collapse,
you'll die a slow
and painful death!
But if you're lucky, you won't
be conscious long enough to-
(Gremmy gasping)
-[Kenpachi] What's wrong?
-(Gremmy growling)
You didn't forget to
harden your body, did ya?
(debris crashing)
(light humming)
Now what?
-(hands thudding)
-(lights humming)
(clones exploding)
(Gremmy panting)
-(steam hissing)
-(Gremmy gasping)
Incredible!
What a monster you are!
Well, fine, then.
In that case, all
I have to do is
imagine that I'm
stronger than you are!
I wanna win!
I wanna win, I wanna win!
For the first time in my
life, I wanna beat someone!
I will defeat you and
prove my strength!
I will prove my strength to you!
-(blood splattering)
-(Gremmy gasping)
Your imagination
ran away with you.
You made me a monster
in your own mind.
It was the monster you
created that just killed you.
You stupid little fool.
(amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
(blood dripping)
[Gremmy] Is he right?
Was I killed by my
own imagination?
No, that's not it.
-(foot stomping)
-(blood splashing)
No, you're wrong,
Kenpachi Zaraki.
My imagination was accurate.
All too accurate, in fact.
I was able to correctly imagine
the full extent of your powers.
But I overlooked something.
The one thing that
I didn't realize
was that the only body capable
of withstanding those powers
of yours was your own.
It wasn't my power of
imagination that lost to you.
It was this body of mine.
No, no excuses.
Oh, but damn it!
I so wanted to win!
(Gremmy exploding)
-(Kenpachi gasping)
-(liquid sloshing)
What the hell is that thing?
I told you.
I said I wouldn't need even
one finger to kill you,
only what's inside my head.
Even this body of mine is a
product of my imagination.
It's like I said, I
didn't have to use
a single finger
against you, did I?
Although it looks like
I'm the one who's dying.
(sighs) It seems like
my imagination has
reached its limit.
It's going to be sad,
imagining what lies ahead.
A world in which I can no
longer imagine anything.
(somber music)
[Candice] Struck by thunder,
you're on your knees.
That is my desire.
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)